I talked about video to help some
professional colleagues
even some Rhodes owners
the zetec engine
just come to the workshop when I say
of the season stops mechanic looking for the
Reason but head in exchange for radiator
electric fan
I'm just this case is Mangueirinha
clogged and the car keeps heating up
the jazz is in no way to solve the problem
this motor does not show how the
models bring only death to the
electronic in some cases strip if you play
in qatar swimming pool in this case here it has to
reset a new standby engine warm up
withdraw the appeal system start a
chicken meal makes the claimed
pleased him on this way until water came out
mostly on the return when it leaves
water in leagues and mango trees and
wait another heat the planet is
resolved
Details
this is imported traction electronic
temperature sensor and here the core
colloquium no 1 to 1
preferably forum but outside does not give
to put on the show this people
we put the macula and we got there
system
problem solved
another detail when you call is with the
The fan letter works without
stop and the wind is cold
when you take the current system through
the mangueirinha to return to the dollar
the regulator calls the league and the is who
that is, it is retained in the heat of the
radiator problem solved
apply your creation of the
cooling since the leak
external all his side drains the water
that has been placed so hurts with
the additive and preference of the
raul that good active part and water with
dye in bursts with head
engine goes pro bag and know channels
I hope I have helped a good car a good one.
engine but I'll work these cucumber with
patience can not solve